gh-132971: update `shutil.which` doc (#133067)
python/cpython: Doc/library/shutil.rst

   Return the path to an executable which would be run if the given *cmd* was
   called.  If no *cmd* would be called, return ``None``.

>    If *cmd* contains a directory component, *which* will only check the specified path directly
>    and will not search the directories listed in *path* or in the system's ``PATH`` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If *cmd* contains a directory component, :func:`!which` only checks the
   specified path directly and does not search the directories listed in *path*
   or in the system's ``PATH`` environment variable.
```

Can we put this one after *path* is being documented? and make it under a `.. note::` directive please? TiA.

Author: I have done it in the latest commit.

   :envvar:`PATH` environment variable is read from :data:`os.environ`,
   falling back to :data:`os.defpath` if it is not set.

   .. note::

      If *cmd* contains a directory component, :func:`!which` only checks the
      specified path directly and does not search the directories listed in *path*

>       or in the system's ``PATH`` environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      or in the system's :envvar:`PATH` environment variable.
```
Why not use a directive?

Reviewer: Are we documenting it somewhere?

Author: I have corrected it.Thanks.

>       specified path directly and does not search the directories listed in *path*
>       or in the system's :envvar:`PATH` environment variable.

Reviewer 3: let's wrap this line so that it doesn't exceed the length of the line
```suggestion
      specified path directly and does not search the directories listed in
      *path* or in the system's :envvar:`PATH` environment variable.
```

Author: OK, I will follow that next time.Thank you.

>    .. note::
> 
>       If *cmd* contains a directory component, :func:`!which` only checks the
>       specified path directly and does not search the directories listed in
>       *path* or in the system's :envvar:`PATH` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If *cmd* contains a directory component, :func:`!which` only checks the
   specified path directly and does not search the directories listed in
   *path* or in the system's :envvar:`PATH` environment variable.
```

Per Serhiy's suggestion.
